Quantum Ai (#5994)
section-engineering-education/engineering-education: content/articles/quantum-ai/index.md

The model's purpose is to use quantum computation to retrieve information concealed in an entangled form. The quantum model frees incoming quantum data and keeps the concealed information stored in classical associations, hence available to localized measures and classical post-processing.
3. Sample or Average - Quantum form measurement derives classical information from classical randomized variables in samples. The quantum state and the observable influence after the dispersion of values from the random variable. Many variational algorithms rely on average measurement values, also called expectation values. TensorFlow Quantum includes techniques for combining over many runs comprising steps (1) and (2). 
4. Analyze the classical neural systems design: The retrieved classical information is now in a state that can be processed further because the retrieved information still contains some classical connections.
5. Cost Function Evaluation: A cost function is assessed based on the findings of classical processing. When the quantum data is tagged, this may depend on how well the model executes the classifying job or other factors if the job is uncontrolled.

> 6. Examine Gradients & Upgrade Parameters - After examining the cost function, the pipeline's available parameters should be adjusted in a way that reduces the cost. Gradient descent is the known way of doing this.

Reviewer: There are so many terminologies that could be explained in-detail. Without that the beginners will find it difficult to understand the context and concepts

Reviewer: Do we have any resources that validates or verifies these steps?

### Possible application of quantum computing in AI
The workable goal for quantum AI developers is to build quantum algorithms that outperform classical computer algorithms.
- Learning quantum algorithms. Quantum algorithms for quantum extensions of classical learning models are being developed. It may speed up or enhance the deep learning training process somehow. By delivering the ideal solution set of weights for artificial neural networks, quantum technology can contribute to classical machine learning.

> - Classical decision issues are stated in decision trees, and quantum methods for decision problems are based on them. Forming branches from particular places is one way to get at the solutions. The effectiveness of this strategy declines when each problem is too complicated to be handled by splitting it into two. Quantum algorithms centered on Hamiltonian time evolution are quicker than random marches in solving issues represented by a set of decision trees.

Reviewer: State existing works. How Quantam computing helps improve it? Any existing products that we have? How would the performance be?

State them with examples.

### Milestones for quantum AI
Even though quantum AI is still a young field of study, advances in quantum computing increase quantum AI's potential, yet the AI sector must reach certain milestones to develop the technology.
The milestones can be summed up as follows:
1. Quantum computing devices that are less error-prone and very powerful
2. Open-source analysis and training frameworks are widely used.
3. A large and well-trained developer ecosystem

> 4. Quantum computing surpasses classical computing in intriguing AI applications.

Reviewer: Explain more about these. These milestones doesn't look very specific to Quantam AI - it looks more generalized.

Only way to go about it, is to validate your points with right resources and explanations.

These crucial stages will pave the way for future quantum AI advancements.
### Quantum AI crypto Bot
Quantum AI Crypto Bot is a technology developed using quantum methods that enables you to earn money online by betting on foreign exchange, market indices, and cryptocurrencies.
This trading method is well known as cryptocurrency trading. The crypto bot is effective as it has all its activities automated. It uses Artificial Intelligence to facilitate more accurate trading.
The site uses blockchain's version of Smart Contracts to enhance its user's security and also provides a streamlined dispute resolution mechanism.
### How Quantum AI Checks Crypto Markets
As the name suggests, Quantum AI merges artificial intelligence with trade to provide exact results. It uses quantum computing to analyze many information streams at the same time. It allows quicker and more accurate decisions. This trading technique is built on volatility rather than price appreciation. Hence profits may be achieved even when prices decline.

> The Quantum-based robot performs all the work for you since it is automated. To get started, create a free Quantum AI account. After you sign up, you'll have access to Quantum AI's pro services, which will enhance your trading process and raise your profits.

Reviewer: I think this could be a new topic altogether. We could focus and add in-depth explanations about other quantam concepts.

### Overview of Quantum AI

#### Introduction

> 

Reviewer: @raboba2re Can you request the author to add front-matter on behalf of you? Or you can post them as a comment, I'll add it for you.

Quantum Artificial intelligence (AI), as the name suggests, is the application of quantum technology to machine learning procedures. Quantum technology and machine learning are game-changing innovations that will make tasks easier. This branch of  Artificial Intelligence will require a better knowledge of quantum computing and quantum physics.  

Quantum computers store and process data using quantum technology. These computer systems can have substantial advantages to some jobs in that they can work more efficiently. 
A quantum computer stores its data in **qubit** form also known as **quantum bits**. Quantum's system consistency and its connected qubits permit it to be in more than one place at a time. This results in qubits representing several elements once.

> #### Table of contents

Reviewer: Start with markdown headers from `###`

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Key Takeaways](#key-takeaways)
- [How Quantum AI works](#how-quontum-ai-works)
- [Possible application of quantum computing in AI](#possible-application-of-quontum-computing-in-ai)
- [Milestones for quantum AI](#milestone-for-quontum-ai)
- [Quantum AI crypto Bot](#quantum-ai-crypto)
- [How Quantum AI Checks Crypto Markets](#how-quontum-ai-checks-crypto-markets)
- [Conclusion](#conclusion)

#### Key Takeaways
By the end of this article, the reader should be able to understand the following:
* How Quantum AI works
* Possible applications of Quantum AI
* Milestones for Quantum AI

> * Quantum's AI Crypto Bot

Reviewer: Use `-` instead of `*`

4. Analyze the classical neural systems design - After classical information is retrieved, it is in a state that can be processed further . Classical deep neural channels can extract such links.  It is because the retrieved information will still be contained in classical connections.

5. Cost Function Evaluation - A cost function is assessed based on the findings of classical processing. When the quantum data is tagged, this may depend on how well the model executes the classifying job or other factors if the job is uncontrolled.

6. Examine Gradients & Upgrade Parameters - After examining the cost function, the pipeline's available parameters should be adjusted in a way that reduces the cost. Gradient descent is the known way of doing this.

### Possible application of quantum computing in AI

> The workable goal for quantum AI developers is to build quantum algorithms that outperform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The workable goal for quantum AI developers is to build quantum algorithms that out perform classical computer algorithms.
```

3. Quantum search: Many search methods are intended for classical computers. Classical computing beats humans in search issues. So, Lov Grover presented his Grover method that quantum computers could solve this issue quicker than other computers. Quantum computing-powered AI might prove promising for approaching uses like encryption.

4. Quantum game theory is a model-based procedure used in AI uses.   The quantum game theory is an extended version of this theory to the quantum field. It can be an exciting tool for solving vital issues in quantum artificial intelligence applications.

### Milestones for quantum AI

Even though quantum AI is still a young field of study, advances in quantum computing increase quantum AI's potential. Yet, the quantum AI sector must reach certain milestones to develop the technology.

The milestones can be summed up as follows:

1. Quantum computing devices that are less error-prone and very powerful

2. Open-source analysis and training frameworks are widely used.

3. A large and well-trained developer ecosystem

> 4. Quantum computing surpasses classical computing in intriguing AI applications.

Reviewer: Remove additional new lines

### How Quantum AI Checks Crypto Markets

As the name suggests, Quantum AI merges artificial intelligence with trade to provide exact results. It uses quantum computing to analyze many information streams at the same time. It allows quicker and more accurate decisions. This trading technique is built on volatility rather than price appreciation. Hence profits may be achieved even when prices decline.

The Quantum-based robot performs all the work for you since it is automated. To get started, create a free Quantum AI account. After you sign up, you'll have access to Quantum AI's pro services, which will enhance your trading process and raise your profits.

#### Conclusion

At the moment, a typical home computer is incapable of processing enormous volumes of data at once. Quantum computers may be capable of reaching into a database. It accesses all things at once, and delivering an evaluation in seconds. We may discover patterns using quantum technology.

#### Further Reading
For further reading you can go through the following:
* Google's [Quantum AI](https://quantumai.google/)

> * Quantum [Trading bot](https://quantum-ai.io/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Google's Quantum AI](https://quantumai.google/)
* [Quantum Trading bot](https://quantum-ai.io/)
```

> * [Quantum's AI breakthroughs](https://www.captechu.edu/blog/recent-breakthroughs-quantum-ai) 

Reviewer: Use `-`

1. Learning quantum algorithms. Quantum algorithms for quantum extensions of classical learning models are being developed. It may speed up or enhance the deep learning training process somehow. By delivering the ideal solution set of weights for artificial neural networks, quantum technology can contribute to classical machine learning.
2. Classical decision issues are stated in decision trees, and quantum methods for decision problems are based on them. Forming branches from particular places is one way to get at the solutions. The effectiveness of this strategy declines when each problem is too complicated to be handled by splitting it into two. Quantum algorithms centred on Hamiltonian time evolution are quicker than random marches in solving issues represented by a set of decision trees.
3. Quantum search: Many search methods are intended for classical computers. Classical computing beats humans in search issues. So, Lov Grover presented his Grover method that quantum computers could solve this issue quicker than other computers. Quantum computing-powered AI might prove promising for approaching uses like encryption.

> 4. Quantum game theory is a model-based procedure used in AI uses.   The quantum game theory is an extended version of this theory to the quantum field. It can be an exciting tool for solving vital issues in quantum artificial intelligence applications.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph is difficult to understand. There is a tautology here.

### Milestones for quantum AI
Even though quantum AI is still a young field of study, advances in quantum computing increase quantum AI's potential, yet the AI sector must reach certain milestones to develop the technology.
The milestones can be summed up as follows:
1. Quantum computing devices that are less error-prone and very powerful
2. Open-source analysis and training frameworks are widely used.
3. A large and well-trained developer ecosystem
4. Quantum computing surpasses classical computing in intriguing AI applications.
These crucial stages will pave the way for future quantum AI advancements.
### Quantum AI crypto Bot
Quantum AI Crypto Bot is a technology developed using quantum methods that enables you to earn money online by betting on foreign exchange, market indices, and cryptocurrencies.
This trading method is well known as cryptocurrency trading. The crypto bot is effective as it has all its activities automated. It uses Artificial Intelligence to facilitate more accurate trading.

> The site is overlooked by blockchain to enhance its user's security. It uses the blockchain version of Smart Contracts. It provides a streamlined dispute resolution mechanism.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The site uses blockchain's version of Smart Contract to enhance its user's security and it also provides a streamlined dispute resolution mechanism.
```

### How Quantum AI Checks Crypto Markets
As the name suggests, Quantum AI merges artificial intelligence with trade to provide exact results. It uses quantum computing to analyze many information streams at the same time. It allows quicker and more accurate decisions. This trading technique is built on volatility rather than price appreciation. Hence profits may be achieved even when prices decline.
The Quantum-based robot performs all the work for you since it is automated. To get started, create a free Quantum AI account. After you sign up, you'll have access to Quantum AI's pro services, which will enhance your trading process and raise your profits.
### Conclusion

> At the moment, a typical home computer is incapable of processing enormous volumes of data at once. Quantum computers may be capable of reaching into a large database and delivering an evaluation in seconds; with this, we can discover patterns within a short period using quantum technology.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the moment, a typical home computer is incapable of processing enormous volumes of data at once. Quantum computers may be capable of reaching into an extensive database and delivering an evaluation in seconds; with this, we can discover patterns within a short period using quantum technology. 
```

Consider a guided categorization of quantum states by a quantum neural system to understand how to use quantum data. A crucial issue of quantum Machine Learning, like conventional Machine Learning, is to categorize "noisy data." To develop and train a quantum framework follow the steps below.

1. Construct a quantum data collection - Tensors represent quantum data. Cirq quantum network generates quantum data. TensorFlow controls all the activities on the system creating a quantum database.

2. Assess the quantum neural system design - Cirq can be used to design a quantum neural system that will then be embedded in a TensorFlow computing structure. Customized quantum systems may be chosen from many groups depending on the quantum's data nature. The model's purpose is to use quantum computation to retrieve information concealed in a usually entangled form. The quantum model frees the incoming quantum data. It then retains the concealed information stored in classical associations. Hence available to localized measures and classical post-processing.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Construct a quantum data collection: Tensors represent quantum data. Cirq quantum network generates quantum data. TensorFlow controls all the activities on the system creating a quantum database.

2. Assess the quantum neural system design: Cirq can be used to design a quantum neural system that will then be embedded in a TensorFlow computing structure. Customized quantum systems may be chosen from many groups depending on the quantum's data nature. 
The model's purpose is to use quantum computation to retrieve information concealed in a usually entangled form. The quantum model frees the incoming quantum data. It then retains the concealed information stored in classical associations. Hence available to localized measures and classical post-processing.

```

Reviewer 2: Can you please tell your reader the meaning of **Cirq** or embed a link to an article that talks about it for your reader to learn more about it.

To understand how to use quantum data, consider a guided categorization of quantum states by a quantum neural system.  A crucial issue of quantum Machine Learning, like conventional Machine Learning, is to categorize "noisy data." 
To develop and train a quantum framework follow the steps below.

1. Construct a quantum data collection - Tensors represent quantum data. Cirq quantum network generates quantum data. You learn more on Cirq on [cirq](https://quantumai.google/cirq). TensorFlow controls all the activities on the system creating a quantum database.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Construct a quantum data collection - Tensors represent quantum data. [Cirq quantum network](https://quantumai.google/cirq)  generates  this quantum data and TensorFlow controls all the activities on the system creating a quantum database.

```

> 2. Assess the quantum neural system design - Cirq can be used to design a quantum neural system that will then be embedded in a TensorFlow computing structure. Customized quantum systems may be chosen from many groups depending on the quantum's data nature. The model's purpose is to use quantum computation to retrieve information concealed in a usually entangled form. The quantum model frees the incoming quantum data. It then retains the concealed information stored in classical associations. Hence available to localized measures and classical post-processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Assess the quantum neural system design - Cirq can be used to design a quantum neural system that will then be embedded in a TensorFlow computing structure. Customized quantum systems may be chosen from many groups depending on the quantum's data nature. 
The model's purpose is to use quantum computation to retrieve information concealed in an entangled form. The quantum model frees incoming quantum data and then retains the concealed information stored in classical associations. Hence available to localized measures and classical post-processing.
```

> At the moment, a typical home computer is incapable of processing enormous volumes of data at once. Quantum computers may be capable of reaching into a database. It accesses all things at once, and delivering an evaluation in seconds. We may discover patterns using quantum technology.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the moment, a typical home computer is incapable of processing enormous volumes of data at once. Quantum computers may be capable of reaching into a large database and delivering an evaluation in seconds, with this we can discover patterns within a short period of time using quantum technology.
```

#### Further Reading

> For further reading you can go through the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> * Google's [Quantum AI](https://quantumai.google/)
> * Quantum [Trading bot](https://quantum-ai.io/)
> * [Quantum's AI breakthroughs](https://www.captechu.edu/blog/recent-breakthroughs-quantum-ai) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Google's Quantum AI](https://quantumai.google/)
* [Quantum Trading bot](https://quantum-ai.io/)
* [Quantum's AI breakthroughs](https://www.captechu.edu/blog/recent-breakthroughs-quantum-ai) 
```
